Design + HackIllinois (#66)
HackIllinois/blog: _posts/2019-10-29-design-at-hackillinois.md

All aspects of design are key to the experience of a hackathon. Designers here at HackIllinois not only focus on creating a visual brand for the 1000+ attendees, but also an immersive and holistic event that continues to gain interest and spotlight throughout the university and invested viewers. The importance of creating a personalized experience for every attendee continues to be the driving factor of our design team’s work and is what makes HackIllinois unique amongst other hackathons in the nation. 

>“We’re not designing products anymore, we’re designing systems that eventually will influence human expectations and enable a change in behavior.”

![HackIllinois 2019 swag items and trophy](/assets/article_images/design-at-hackillinois/2019_swag.jpg)

> The newly themed creations begin following the event, getting a full start on the year-long journey of prepping for the hackathon weekend. A small team of student designers works from scratch to collaboratively design every detail of the event that you may interact with: web and mobile, print, swag, social media, and more. The team works long hours to brand each HackIllinois while pushing the limits further each year on what the event is capable of. The small agency feel of the team allows for rapid innovation and purposeful creation. While a design makes an event exciting and visually appealing, the depth of incorporating these styles and assets into the event goes beyond just first look and more into making HackIllinois what it is - an immersive learning and adventurous 48 hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly themed creations begin following the event, getting a full start on the year-long journey of prepping for the hackathon weekend. A small team of student designers works from scratch to collaboratively design every detail of the event that you may interact with: website and mobile app, print, swag, social media, and more. The team works long hours to brand each HackIllinois while pushing the limits further each year on what the event is capable of. The small agency feel of the team allows for rapid innovation and purposeful creation. While a design makes an event exciting and visually appealing, the depth of incorporating these styles and assets into the event goes beyond just first look and more into making HackIllinois what it is - an immersive learning and adventurous 48 hours. 
```

Author: Resolved in 109f4ea

![A group of HackIllinois 2018 staff members take a picture in front of the photobooth in their staff t-shirts and jackets.](/assets/article_images/design-at-hackillinois/2018_photobooth.jpg)

> As an outsider in the coding community, it’s amazing to see the effect of design on attendees from all over the world. The curious build-up of branding and event designs is filled with thrill when attendees quickly look around to see the details in the Siebel and ECEB Building. When students ask if there are extra pins and stickers for their friends back home or to the intriguing UIUX design of web and mobiles, it definitely puts the cherry on top for all the hard work that our small but mighty team produces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an outsider to the coding culture, it’s amazing to see the effect of design on attendees from all over the world. The curiosity built up by the branding of the event is exciting. It's thrilling to see attendees interacting with the designs and noticing the details in the Siebel and ECEB Building. When students ask if there are extra pins and stickers for their friends back home or point out intriguing UI/UX features of the website and mobile app, it makes all the hard work worthwhile. 
```

Reviewer: "The curious build-up of branding and event designs is filled with thrill when attendees quickly look around to see the details in the Siebel and ECEB Building."

- _"Curious build-up"_ suggests that the process of revealing branding and designs itself is curious or peculiar. 
- _"filled with thrill"_ seemed out of tune with the language used in the rest of the piece. 
- _"quickly look around"_ suggests that they're dismissive of the attention to detail and don't pay much time noticing the work put in.

![The trophies given to the HackIllinois 2018 winners.](/assets/article_images/design-at-hackillinois/trophies.jpg)

> The next time you step into a hackathon, I urge you to take a few minutes and absorb all the design work put into it. What is the theme? What does it make you feel like? How do the tiniest of details enhance your time there? What gets you excited about that event? These answers may seem obvious at the time but take a step back and appreciate these aspects of events that may otherwise seem mandatory. Think about design and how important is it when it comes to amazing events like HackIllinois and how it transforms your experience. Good design is appealing, but exceptional design is what makes HackIllinois, HackIllinois.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next time you step into a hackathon, I urge you to take a few minutes and absorb all the design around you. What is the theme? How does it make you feel? What gets you excited about that event? How do the details, small or big, enhance your experience? While these answers may not seem obvious at the time, take a step back and you will learn to appreciate aspects of event planning that may otherwise seem ordinary. Think about design and how important it is in transforming your experience at events like HackIllinois. Good design is appealing, but exceptional design is what makes HackIllinois, HackIllinois.
```

Reviewer: - _"What does it make you feel like?"_ to _"How does it make you feel?"_
- _"absorb all the design work put into it"_ to _"absorb all the design around you"_. -- You want them to appreciate your work because it's tangible. It's harder to see the work put into it because we didn't talk about the design process in specific.
- _"enhance your time there"_  to "enhance your experience" -- word choice
- _"These answers may seem obvious at the time but take a step back and appreciate these aspects of events that may otherwise seem mandatory."_ to "While these answers may not seem obvious at the time, take a step back and you will learn to appreciate aspects of event planning that may otherwise seem ordinary." -- I'm not entirely sure what you were going for here. I thought the sentence didn't make a lot of sense so I restructured it. Let me know if this better captures your thought. 
- Made some other minor changes.
